[FRONTEND] Custom proxy documentation (#27)
VultureProject/vulture-doc: vultureOS/docs/services/listener.md

 - PROOFPOINT CASB
 - PROOFPOINT TRAP
 - WAF CLOUD PROTECTOR
 - TRENDMICRO VISIONONE
 - CISCO DUO
 - SENTINEL ONE MOBILE
 - CSC_DOMAINMANAGER
 - RETARUS

> `Use proxy` : Enable proxied request
> 
> `Custom Proxy` : Url of the proxy used by the API collector (system proxy if empty)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Use proxy` : Use proxy for requests (will use System Proxy if no `Custom Proxy` is configured)

`Custom Proxy` : Url of the proxy used by the API collector (system proxy if not set)
```
